[SOUND]
If
you do any kind of development at all,
especially web development, there will
definitely come a point where you're going
to have to ask some help from somebody.
And what I'd like to do in this lecture is
give you a couple of resources where you
can ask for help, as well as give you some
tips and tools that you can use in order
to make your questions better and
easier to communicate.
Now, obviously if you have any
questions regarding the course or
even the coding questions inside the
course you are more than welcome to ask
these questions at coursera.org.
However there are resources that
you could use to get help and
get answers to your questions.
And one of the premier resources
on the web is stackoverflow.com.
I cannot tell you how many times this
site saved me in my development,
because I did know something or
something was difficult to figure out.
And the community developer community out
there is huge and it's ready to help you.
And as you can certainly go and
turn around and
contribute to the developer community
back through the site as well.
So stackoverflow.com,
definitely remember this website.
Now when you ask coding questions, it's
obviously very helpful to the people who
you are asking the question from
if they can look at your code.
And you can't really shift the entire
code to them, so one way of
doing it is just to cut and paste your
codes straight into the question itself.
And you could probably get away
with that a lot of the times, but
it's usually much more helpful for
you to provide some actual working code,
that the people looking at it can look
at it and diagnose and help you with it.
You'll certainly get your chances of
answering a question, and answering
a question quickly much higher if you
provide something that they can work with.
Well there's a couple websites I'd like
to show you that can help you with that,
especially when we're talking
about web development.
One of them is called, jsfiddle.net.
And what the site does it lets you
write HTML, CSS, JavaScript code and
share that code via link.
So I'll give you a very quick example,
I'll just write, h1, and
say Hello Coursera.
And if I click Run, you'll see that in
the result pane, I have Hello Coursera!
Well I can go to my css pane and
change that real quick and
I know we haven't learn about CSS yet,
but just bear with me here.
And I could change it and
say that the color which should be red.
So if I run it again, now the color of
Coursera, Hello Coursera, becomes red.
Now if I click the Save button right here,
I'll get a unique URL that I
could then copy and paste.
And get to exactly the same page
with all the code ready to go and
with the result of it right there.
So that's really helpful, because if
you just provide this link to people
they'll be able to take
a look at your code.
They can also fork it themselves and
forking meaning you could create
a new fiddle based on this one.
They can correct your code or
provide some additional code and
then you can look at yours versus theirs
and actually examine the solution.
So jsfiddle.net is a great resource.
There's another website
that I absolutely love and
that website is called CodePen.io.
And this website is actually founded and
maybe cofounded I'm not sure,
by Chris Coyer.
When it comes to HTML, CSS and
JavaScript in the web developer community,
Chris Coyer is certainly a huge name.
He actually started a website called
csstricks.com and if you'd like we can
actually go there real quick,
tricks.com, it's css-tricks.com,
which is like a one stop shop
on a lot of different tutorials,
answers, and it's all about CSS and HTML.
Css-tricks.com is by itself
a great resource that
actually I've used quite a bit as well.
But back to CodePen.io,
CodePen.io allows you to do something very
similar to JSFiddle.net except
there's lots more here.
There's really a whole community
that surrounds this website,
because you can actually
look at featured Pens,
meaning featured sets of solutions
that will probably amaze you and
you could actually look at the code as
to how they achieve those solutions.
So using the CSS, HTML, and JavaScript.
Let's go ahead and give a quick try.
Let's create a new pen.
And you don't have to sign up for
it if you don't want to,
you could just remain anonymous.
But certainly if you sign up it's much
better, because you'll be able to then go
back and look at all of your work,
it'll be saved in one place.
So we'll do the same type of thing.
We'll say h1.
We'll do Hello Coursera!, and
right there, it shows up automatically.
You don't even have to
really refresh anything.
And let's do the same thing,
let's do h1 and give it a color, red.
And there you go changes
throughout automatically.
And what's really cool and
this is actually one of the newest
features they have is you can actually
have a console just like you
have a console and a browser.
If you pull it up I could say
something like var x = 'Hello
Coursera!' and I could say x or
console.log(x) and
it spits out Hello Coursera back.
So you basically have a browser
that you could work in and
develop in remotely anywhere you are.
And again, if you actually click Save and
save this, you can take that
URL right there, copy it and
then provide it to somebody else,
to help you with your solution.
And there's the entire solution we just
had is right there in front of you.
So I highly encourage you to
check out these websites and
to keep them in your arsenal as resources
not only for looking things up, but
also to use it for asking questions.
It will help you quite
a bit in the long run.